docs: add integration docs for challenging standard exit (#488)
omisego/plasma-contracts: plasma_framework/docs/integration-docs/integration-doc.md

```

### Challenging a standard exit
To challenge an exit, retrieve payment exit game as in [step 2 for starting a standard exit](#starting-a-standard-exit).

Then obtain `exitId` (if you don’t yet have it):

```
PaymentExitGame.getStandardExitId(

>   true, # true if deposit, false else

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  true, # true if the exiting output is from a deposit transaction, false otherwise
```

#### challengeTx (bytes)
RLP-encoded transaction that spends the exiting output (challenging transaction).

#### inputIndex (uint16)
Input index of exiting UTXO in the challenging transaction.

#### witness (bytes)
Data proving that exiting output was spent. A signature of exiting output owner on challenging transaction.

#### spendingConditionOptionalArgs (bytes)
(Optional) Additional data that is used to verify that output was spent. Send empty bytes.

> ***Note**: `spendingConditionOptionalArgs` is currently reserved for future development.*

#### outputGuardPreimage (bytes)
(Optional) Output guard preimage data for the exiting output. For payment exit game send empty bytes.

> ***Note**: `outputGuardPreimage` is currently reserved for future development.*

#### challengeTxPos (uint256)
(Optional) Transaction position of challenging transaction. Transaction position is

```
block number * the block offset (defaults: `1000000000`) + transaction position * transaction offset (defaults to `10000`)
```
Provide value zero when exiting a payment transaction.

> ***Note**: `challengeTxPos` is currently reserved for future development.*

#### challengeTxInclusionProof (bytes)

> (Optional) Inclustion proof for a challenging transaction that follows MVP protocol. For MoreVP send empty bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) Inclusion proof for a challenging transaction that follows MVP protocol. For MoreVP send empty bytes.
```

> ***Note**: `challengeTxInclusionProof` is currently reserved for future development.*

#### challengeTxConfirmSig (bytes)
(Optional) Confirmation signature for a challenging transaction that follows MVP protocol. For MoreVP send empty bytes.

> ***Note**: `challengeTxConfirmSig` is currently reserved for future development.*

#### Example:

```
PaymentExitGame.challengeStandardExit([
  1590417156246506823621774965204183050418265227,
  0xf85401c0f0ef01949c7fc8601655b4e1ef395107217e6ed600f7ba48940000000000000000000000000000000000000000830f4240a00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000,
  0xf88a01c685e9103fda00f85fee0194821aea9a577a9b44299b9c15c88cf3087f3b55449400000000000000000000000000000000000000008203e8ef01949c7fc8601655b4e1ef395107217e6ed600f7ba48940000000000000000000000000000000000000000830f3e58a00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000,
  0,
  0xc8fafc7490868b372863778cd2c7928c835e66c59d7bc44b912d14ca574732434f928004b680d9a231c3a688fe1c1f62bac47c663695c8287d779ff2658626c81b,
  0x,
  0x,
  0,
  0x,
  0x
])
```

### Processing a standard exit

> For a standard exit, once the exit period completes, exit can be processed to release the funds on the root chain. An end user can perform this action, or the operator can do it for everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the exit period is over, an exit can be processed to release the funds on the root chain. An end user can perform this action, or the operator can do it for everyone.
```
